hi I am Gurjit Singh city from the
Claridge's Suraj code today we will be
doing pan-seared foie gras it's
basically a goose liver with fresh figs
some cherry tomatoes butter for
caramelizing and fresh rocket
now to pan sear the foie gras we need a
very hot pan dusting with some flour on
both the sides we dust it so that it's
caramelized on both the sides it doesn't
burn it it gets some time to cook some
seasoning the pan is nice and hot we
place the foil on the pan like this
don't seize me this side as well as you
see starts getting a little bit of
colour we turn it nice and crisp by them
our progress getting crisp we get ready
with our plate we need to cut the figs
five years almost ready arrested for a
few seconds
but
we need butter just to give a color to
our figs since a fresh fig is so sweet
we didn't require any extra sugar to to
give a sweetener its own sweetener it's
getting caramelized
seeing how nicely having done
nicely done and ready now we are plating
a dish fresh figs to placed figs are
ready Barbara is ready is the father
here it's a weight delicate is off a fat
after this we need to toss some rocket
leaves not much little bit of olive oil
salt pepper
cherry tomatoes and to finish this icing
the topping royal balsamic reduction our
pencil for day is ready